==============================
Stacking Up and Clearing Rooms
==============================

    Your character will frequently encounter rooms full of enemies. One common
tactic for safely entering a defended room and neutralizing all of the threats 
in it is for the attacking team to line up outside of the entry way and violently 
enter the room all at once. That way you can bring to bear all of the lethal 
talent of your team all at once rather than entering the "fatal funnel" at a 
more vulnerable cadence. The process of lining up and waiting for everyone on 
the team to be ready to run in is called "stacking up." The act of entering the 
room in this manner is called "breaching," and the subsequent sweep of a room is 
called "clearing (a room)." The act of systematically repeating this process on 
every room in a structure is called "clearing a building." 

    What constitutes a "room" that can be breached and cleared is ultimately
up to your DM, but usually a room that can be cleared is smaller than 20m by
20 meters and has a discrete number of entry points. For example, a spaceship
hangar that is 35m by 18m and has a service door on either side when the hangar
door is shut would allow for stacking up with the DM's permission. That same 
hangar with the hangar door open would need to be maneuvered into and fought 
over normally since the hangar door is most of one of its walls. Another example
would be that an open-air pagoda probably wouldn't be breach-able because it 
lacks any door to stack up on and has no walls.

    What constitutes an "entry point" is also up to the DM. These are usually
unlocked doorways, but can also be skylights to rappel from, windows large 
enough to step through once smashed, or chunks of wall that have been blown up.
An area cannot be an entry point if it cannot be moved through by the character
stacked up on it at the time of the breach. A character can only stack up on an
entry point to a room.

    In Compound X, the process of clearing a room follows the three steps listed 
below.

1. Stacking up
2. Breaching
3. Clearing

===== Stacking Up ===== 

    Characters can join a stack up line on any time during their turn. Doing so
immediately ends their turn and the rest of their actions are considered held
for use during clearing. When a character stacks up, they must indicate exactly
one entry point that they will use during the breach. If there is any ambiguity,
they must indicate which room they will storm when the breach occurs. Which room
you are breaching is usually obvious; it's the room on the other side of the 
entry point from where your character is stacking up. On the rare occasion that
one door leads to more than one room, a single room must be designated for 
clearing. You cannot breach and clear a room that is not attached to the entry
point that you stacked up on. 

    If your turn starts and you are already stacked up, you may either leave the
line of the stack up and take your turn normally, or skip your turn to remain in
the stack up line. If you skip your turn in this manner, you will have the same
number of actions during clearing as you would if you stacked up as the first
act of your turn. Stacking up is a Free Action if you are already standing by 
the entry point, or as many Actions as it takes to move to the entry point 
otherwise.

    Any number of characters can stack up on a given entry point. The order of
the characters in the lineup is important. Players can chose any position in the
stackup order that hasn't yet been taken at the time that they declare their 
character will stack up. So the first character to stack up could choose to get
in the middle of the line, and the second character to use their turn to stack
up could stack up in front if they so chose.  

===== Breaching =====

    Any time a character joins the stack up line, the character in the lead of
the stack may call "breach!" At that time, regular initiative order is 
interrupted, and the breach and clear phases occur during the turn of the 
character who just got in line. After the clearing has resolved, play resumes
after that character's turn.

    Some weapons, tools or gadgets are commonly used during a breach maneuver.
Examples include breaching charges, tear gas or flashbangs. If these are used,
they take effect first in the breach. Keep in mind that a character using such
a device will need a free hand to do so, and may need to spend one of their 
clearing actions to re-draw their weapon. As such, devices are usually used by
the characters in the 3rd or 4th positions.

    Some rooms are defended with booby traps. In the case that a room or entry
point has such perils, they take effect second. 

    While devices are being resolved, all attackers and defenders roll a reflex
save to determine the order of combat during the clearing phase. If the 
defenders were unaware of the impending breach, then they roll reflex with a
disadvantage and the attackers roll reflex with advantage.

*Breaching Roll = Reflex Save + Weapon Reflex Mod + any mod from feats

===== Clearing =====

    Players take their turn in decending order of breaching roll. In other words,
The character with the highest net reflex roll goes first, the character with 
the lowest reflex goes last. Characters on the attacking team (the team that 
stacked up) must use an Action to move from their position in the stack line
before they can fire or perform melee attacks. Characters on the attacking team
can take cover at the entry point that they were stacked up on, but doing so 
will block the entry point and prevent another character from moving through or 
firing at targets past that character.

    The Clearing phase ends when either all members of one team in the room can 
no longer fight or the breaching order has been exhausted. Play resumes as 
normal after the turn of the last character to stack up after that.

===== Interrupting a Stackup =====

    If an enemy approaches or attacks one of the characters in a stack up line
after they have stacked up but before the lead character has called "breach!",
then all of the characters in the stack up are no longer considered to be 
stacked up. Instead, they may use one held action as immediate reaction in
initative order, followed by a 'Hit the Dirt' as described above.  After that 
they must wait until their next turn to stack back up.

===== Simultaneous Breaches ======

    If more than one entry point leads to the same room, it is possible to 
include all characters stacked up on those entry points in the same 
breach-and-clear event. In order for more than one entry point to be 
simultaneously breached, the characters stacked up on each must be able to see
each other and/or hear each other (i.e. have radios or another means of remote
communication). To prevent complicating the game, play resolves one breached 
room at a time. Two rooms can be breached in synch with each other, but the DM
will pick which room to play first and will resolve the other at the end of the
first room's clearing phase.
