==============================
Conditions
==============================

== Bleeding ==

    Bleeding is when a character has sustained damage to the systems of their
anatomy that contian liquids vital to their survival. This can happen to both
biologic targets, who usually leak blood, and to cybernetic targets, who can 
leak coolant and lubricant.

    A Character that is bleeding takes d10/2+1 (drop the remainder) stackable 
damage once per round at the beginning of their turn. The bleeding can be 
staunched with Medicine Skill check. The Medicine (Dex) DC to stop varies; the
cause of the bleed effect should list it in the effect description.

== Burning ==

    A character that is on fire, or has glowing metal on them (such as white
phosphorous) is burning. Burning is different than a Plasma Burn. For Plasma
Burns, see the "Plasma Burn" Condition further below.

    A Burning character takes 2d10 damage per stack of burn per round at the 
beginning of their turn. Most burning can be extinguished by dousing a character 
in a non-flamable liquid, or by that character dropping and rolling. One Action 
to drop, One Action to Roll around and put out the fire. Rolling has a 
Dex (Athletics) DC 40 to extinguish flames. 

    Every 2 turns that the burning is not extinguished, the burn intensifies by 
one stack. 

    Some burning chemicals, like white phosphorous or most napalms, contain the 
oxygen that they need to burn and aren't extinguished with water or rolling 
around. These sources of the Burning Condition will explicitly state that they 
can't be put out with normal means and will need to be neutralized by other 
means, such as the Doctor's Purge ability.

== Downed ==

    Downed is a state that a character enteres when their health has fallen 
below 0. See the "Death and Dying" section in the Combat Rules Document.

== Disrupted ==

    Certain Characters have the ability to disrupt their enemies either with
signal jamming, malware or sometimes direct electrical interference. When this
succeeds, it prevents their target from using their more exotic talents.

    A Character that is Disrupted cannot use Active Feats, Doctor Procedures, 
Engineer Processes or Hacker Exploits. Many similar abilities are also prone to 
Disruption. If they are not on this list, consult your GM. 

== Frozen ==

    Most Characters respond poorly to the application of extremely low 
temperatures to their anatomy. Biological targets tend to have the water in 
their cells solidify into sharp ice in a process known as "Frostbite." 
Cybernetic targets on the other hand tend to have their moving parts contract
and wear down while their electrolytic fluid hardens. 

    A Character that is Frozen takes d10 damage per round at the beginning of 
their turn. The Condition lasts until a source of heat is applied to the wound, 
or with Medicine (Dex) Skill check, DC 50.

== Fear ==

    Both cybernetic and biologic Characters can react to the mental instinct for
self-preservation. This usually happens when presented with the appearance of
certain, agonizing death, though there are certainly other scary things in the
universe.

    A Character that has the Fear Condition may take no actions, except moving 
away from the source of fear, or taking an action to roll to defeat fear. DC 50, 
Will Save.

== Fear, Greater ==

    In rare cases, fear can become so great as to cause a total mental 
overstimulation. In biologic Characters, this takes the form of a petrifying 
flood of neurochemicals in the brain. Cybernetic Characters experience an 
exception caused by the overinflation of their fear fuzzy logic field. 

    A Character experienceing Greater Fear can take no actions, except rolling 
to defeat fear. DC 75, Will save or 5 turns, whichever happens first.

== Lonely ==

    Being Lonely is a condition most commonly contracted from having 1 Charisma
and failing to successfully socialize, or by trying and failing to socialize 
with an ally who has 1 Charisma. A Lonely Character hasn't met Mazlow's 
Hierarchy of needs, and this affects their performance. 

    A Lonely Character moves 1m slower every two Actions (round down) and takes 
a -5 to skill rolls. 

== Necrosis ==

    Necrosis is a buildup of dead organic tissue in a biologic Character, 
usually caused by gangrene or biological weapons. Typically, any hair, fur or
scales fall off of the affected area and the flesh underneath turns black and
dies.

    A Character aflicted with Necrosis takes 2d10 +5 damage per Round at the 
begining of their turn. If left unhealed for more than a day, the infection
spreads 1 foot per day. A Medicine check of DC 75 must be rolled to cure it, 
usually by surgically removing the dead tissue and generously applying healing 
biofoam.

== Pinned Down ==

    A target that is behind cover and is either pinned by the threat of sniper
fire or a continuous stream of bullets must overcome the psychological instinct
to stay put and not get shot.

    A target that is pinned is hunkered and cannot move for 2 full Rounds or 
until they pass a DC 70 Will Save, whichever is quicker.

== Plasma Burn ==

    Many weapons in the Compound X Universe fire bolts of burning plasma, which
have the tendency to stick to a target and their armor, continuing to do damage
even after the initial impact of the projectile.

    A Character that has a Plasma Burn takes 1d10 + 1 Plasma Damage per Plasma
Burn Token per round at the beginning of their turn. Each "token" lasts for 2 
turns if the target's armor was pierced or missed. 

    If the targets armor is hit/pierced, the armor's Armor Piercing Level is
reduced by 1, permanently (repairable, DC 60% Repair check). While the damage 
from burn tokens is additive, any given set of armor cannot have its APL reduced 
by more than one regardless of how many plasma shots it has taken.

== Poisoned ==

    Biological Characters can have a variety of poisons introduced into their
systems. These poisons typically degrade the overall health of the Character
over a period of time. Poisons with additional or different effects will list
them explicitly. Poisons that affect cybernetic Characters will list so 
explicitly as well.

    A Character that is afflicted with poison takes 1d10 internal damage per
Round at the beginning of their turn. 

== Buzzed (drunk) ==

    Many drinks in the galaxy contain a substance called alcohol. When consuming 
these drinks, the effect should list a FORT save to avoid increasing your level 
of intoxication. The first level of intoxication is Buzzed. 

    While buzzed, a Character gains a -1 to accuracy with any attack and a 
temporary -1 to Perception. At the same time, the Character gets a +1 to 
Charisma and Luck. You also take a penalty of -20 to skill checks involving 
driving, flying or operating heavy machinery. If the Character fails a Fort save
to prevent increasing their intoxication level while Buzzed, they lose the 
Buzzed Condition and instead are aflicted with the Hammered Condition (See 
below). As long as they don't become Hammered, being Buzzed will wear off in two
hours.

== Hammered (drunk) ==

    While Hammered, a Character takes a -3 to accuracy rolls when attacking and 
a -50 to skill checks involving driving, flying or operating heavy machinery. 
The Character takes a temporary -2 to Dexterity, Perception and Charisma. If the 
Character's level of intoxication increases while you are Hammered, that 
Character blacks out and is now Downed, but not Bleeding Out. As long as a 
Character doesn't black out, being Hammered will turn into being Buzzed after 
two hours.

== Stunned/Paralyzed ==

    A Stunned or Paralyzed target cannot take actions for the duration of the
Condition. The DC of the Saving Throw to end the Condition should be listed on
the source of the stun or paralysis.

== Unconscious ==

    An Unconscious character cannot take actions for the duration of the Condition,
except to roll Saving Throws against the cause of the Condition. In addition, the
character automatically drops prone and releases their grip on any objects. The DC
of the Saving Throw to end the Condition, if any, should be listed on the source of
the unconsciousness.
