==============================
Damage Types and Armor Types
==============================

    There are 5 main types of damage in compound X: Ballistic (conventional 
firearms, bows), Laser, Plasma, Explosive (concussive), and melee. Additionally, 
some Ballistic, Laser, and melee weapons can deal non-lethal variants. These 
damage types interact differently with the two types of protection: Armor and 
Shields. 

===== Damage Types =====

Ballistic Weapons:
    Ballistic weapons are straightforward: they are blocked by armor and ignore 
shields. Any damage that defeats armor damages health.

Plasma Weapons:
    Plasma interacts with both armor and shields. Armor's effectiveness is 
reduced by 1 APL when hit by plasma. Targets hit with plasma, that pierces armor, 
take (stackable) plasma burn. For Shields, Plasma deals half damage to the 
shielding, plus inflicts plasma burn and any remaining damage on the wearer 
(only if their armor is pierced, of course). 

Laser Weapons:
    Lasers are completely blocked by shields, dealing all of their damage to the 
shielding. Lasers deal full damage to armored targets; If a player wearing 
ballistic armor is hit with a laser, they receive damage as if they weren't 
wearing any armor.

Explosives:
    Certain grenades and devices have Explosive (concussive) damage. Explosive 
Damage ignores armor and shields (explosive damage is essentially, a crushing 
force). Fragmentation grenades are considered ballistic weapons, as their 
primary damage delivery method is shrapnel. 

Melee/Melee Weapons:
    Melee damage is treated like ballistic damage unless you hit a target's 
armor and don't pierce it. If you are fighting a being with body armor, and you 
hit the targets armor but don't pierce it, you then deal a special kind of 
concussive damage (called blunt damage) that ignores armor but you can only deal 
1/2 damage, up to a max of 25 damage. Max of 35 damage if you are using a melee 
weapon (like a club, sword, or even hitting them with your gun).

Electric Damage:
    Some damage is delivered to characters with a high current and voltage. This
can lead to burns, organ failure, fried circuits and chaotic effects on the 
nervous or control systems of a given character. This damage does not have any
special effect on armor, but certain characters are more prone to electric 
damage than others, while some characters are more resistant to it.

Fire Damage:
    Some damage is inflicted with conflagrations or general combustion. While
this damage usually leaves an ongoing burning effect, this damage type does not
imply that simply by being Fire Damage. Please read a given attack or event 
carefully to see if you are simply burned once, or have an ongoing effect as
well. Some characters are more resistant to fire than others. Similarly, some
armor in the game helps mitigate fire damage more effectively than others. 

Acid Damage:
    Some damage occurs when a substance of a significantly different PH balance
comes in contact with your player and chemically reacts in an adverse manner.
Such cases are usually painful and smell bad. 
    While taking acid damage doesn't always mean that you have an ongoing 
effect, read the source of the damage carefully to see if in addition to the 
one-time damage effect, you also have an ongoing effect to deal with as well. 
Acid damage can affect armor adversely as well, but that is not implied simply 
by an attack being labeled with acid damage. Such effects will be listed 
separately in the attack, trap, etc.

Internal Damage:
    Internal damage can be sustained from things like parasites, malicious
microbots, or simply pushing your character's physical body past its breaking
point. Unless otherwise stated, internal damage always deals full damage and
ignores armor. 

===== Protection Types =====

Armor:
    Ballistic Armors (or more simply, Armor) are the first type of protective 
measure that you will come across. When armor is shot by a ballistic weapon, the 
armor may reduce or fully block damage before the character's health is damaged. 

Shields:
    CS Shields (or more simply, Shields) are the second type of protective 
measure that you will come across. Shields normally protect against Plasma and 
Lasers but not against ballistics.  

    Beyond weapon damage, there are also environmental threats to consider. An 
important note is on fall damage. A player can fall up to their Dex/2 in 
meters before needing to roll an acrobatics check. If the surface they are 
landing on is somehow fouled, the GM may require the player to roll an 
acrobatics check when landing from any height at their discretion. On a failed 
roll, take damage equal to 2 times the height fallen. The player also incurs 
one injury, depending on the severity of the fall. Some examples are below:

* Sprained ankle(s)
* Broken ankle(s)
* Broken leg(s)
* Broken arm(s) in addition to leg(s)
* Broken everything