==============================
Glossary of Terms
==============================

    Here is a list of some proper nouns and terms that are different in Compound 
X than in the English Language normally. If one is missing, please create an 
issue in Github asking for it! Hope it helps!

== Action == 
    In Compound X, an Action rarely means a single abstract bodily movement as 
it does in English. Instead, an Action is a measure of time specifically during 
a Player's turn in Combat. See "Actions" Section in the "Combat" Chapter in 
Basic Rules.txt.

== Armor Piercing Level ==
    Different sets of Armor stop different amounts of firepower depending on
what armor plates where put in it. Armor Piercing Level (abbreviated APL) is a
measure either of how much armor a weapon can pierce without losing damage to
the armor, or what level of weapon penetration an armor will completely stop. 
See the "Other Combat Details" section of Basic Rules for more information.

== Base Stats ==
    The Base Stats of a Character are Strength, Perception, Fortitude, Charisma, 
Intelligence, Dexterity and Luck. For more about Base Stats, see the Section 
"Base Stats" in Basic Rules.txt.

== Compound X ==
    The name of the game! It is also the name of a prison planet in the first 
campaign run back in 2015 by the game's creator, Taylor Rowland. 

== Character ==
    Character, Player: See Player Character.
    
    Character, Non Player: See NPC.

== Class ==
    Most Player Characters have a Class. Classes are listed and explained in the 
CharacterCreation/02_Classes.txt document, and are a fundamental determinant of 
a Character's identity. 

== Class Feats ==
    Every certain number of levels, a Character gains an extra-special kind of 
feat depending on their chosen Class. These are listed in the 
CharacterCreation/02_Classes.txt document and are called Class Feats.

== Combat ==
    The phase of the game when there are enemies around and characters are 
limited by turns with certain amounts of Actions. See Basic Rules.txt section 
"Combat".

== D10 ==
    A 10-sided Die. See "The Primary Game Mechanic" in the Basic Rules.

== DM ==
    Dungeon Master. See Game Master. 

== Feat ==
    As your character levels up, they get special perks or bonuses. These are 
called Feats and are detailed in the CharacterCreation/03_Feats.txt document. 

== Feats, Class ==
    See Class Feats.

== Free Action ==
    An Action that a Character takes on their turn that does not cost any of the
Actions that a Character has on their turn. 

== Game Master ==
    Usually abbreviated as GM, the Game Master runs the game for the Players. 
They are responsible for telling the story, keeping the game moving and deciding 
how the NPCs behave and act. 

== GM ==
    See Game Master.

== Hardpoint ==
    An Armor Hardpoint is a purpose-built modular slot that advanced armor 
accessories plugs into. For instance, cloaking modules go into Hardpoints. The 
more Hardpoints an armor has, the more modules you can plug into your armor.
See the "05_ArmourList.txt" document in Character Creation for more info.

== Held Actions ==
    A type of reaction where 1 or 2 Actions can be saved from your turn to react 
to a trigger outside of your turn. See "Reactions & Held Actions" in the basic 
rules document.

== IO Ports ==
    Short for Input/Output Ports. Engineer Class Characters can build Drones and
some Buildings which have a number of IO Ports which can have Peripherals added
to them. See "Character Creation/Class Specific Documents/Engineering 
Processes.txt" specifically the "IO Ports" subsection for more information.

== Lonely ==
    When capitalized, Lonely or Lonlieness refers to the in-game condition of
Lonely, rather than the emotion. Please see the "01_02_Conditions.txt" list.

== Nanite Upkeep ==
    Nanite Upkeep is the number of nanites a character must pay at the end of 
their turn in order to stay cloaked during that round. For more information,
see the "Cloaking" section of the "01_01_Basic_Rules.txt" Document.

== NPC ==
    Stands for "Non-Player Character" and is defined as any character in the 
story who is not controlled by one of the Players. NPCs are almost always 
controlled by the GM. Often NPCs are the enemies that you fight, the shopkeepers 
that you buy things from, or the hostages you rescue. 

== Opportunity Attack ==
    A type of Reaction, an Opportunity Attack is a free attack that triggers 
when an opponent leaves melee combat (and triggers by several other 
circumstances). See topic "Opportunity Attack" under "Melee Combat" in the basic 
rules.

== Player ==
    A human in the real world who is playing the game. One Player may have many 
Characters and might play in more than one game. Usually one Player plays one 
Player Character at a time. 

== RPG ==
    Role-Playing Game, such as Dungeons and Dragons or Compound X!
    
== Roll - Standard ==
    Roll 1d100.* 
    
== Roll - Advantage ==
    Roll twice. Take the highest of the two rolls.* 
    
== Roll - Average ==
    Roll 2d100. Add together and divide by 2.* 
    
== Roll - Disadvantage ==
    Roll twice. Take the lowest of the two rolls.*
    
*NOTE: For all Rolling rules see Basic Rules: "Primary Mechanics" section.

== Player Character == 
    The Player's avatar in the game world. A Player Character is made by 
following the procedures outlined in the CharacterCreation folder. Generally, a 
Player only controls one Character at a time; that Character is called a Player 
Character. 

== Proficiency ==
    Compound X uses three types of Proficiencies: Weapon Proficiency, Armor 
Proficiency, and Skill Proficiency. For Weapon or Armor Proficiency, see Basic 
Rules "Assigning A Class To Your Character" Section, subsections "Weapon 
Proficiency" or "Armor Proficiency". For Skill Proficiency see Basic Rules 
"RP / Using Skills" section. 

    In brief, Proficiency is a sufficient aptitude such that a character can use 
a given type of Weapon or Armor in combat. Proficiency can also be the ability 
to use a Skill with given capability.

== Reactions ==
    A special action that is triggered by certain circumstances or abilities. 
Reactions occur at the immediate moment that they are triggered. See "Reactions 
& Held Actions" in the basic rules document.

== Saving Throw ==
    A Saving Throw is a roll of the dice to see whether your character has the 
defenses to avoid something bad happening to them. See "Saving Throws" in the 
Basic Rules.txt document for more information.

== Shield Strength ==
    Shield Strength is a measure of how much damage a personal shield can take
before letting damage through to the wearer. It has a 1 to 1 point to point 
equality with your health number. See "05_ArmourList.txt" document in Character
Creation and "Shields" in the "Basic Rules.txt" document for more information.

== Stacking/Stackable ==
    When an effect or feat is Stackable, that means if applied to a character 
more than once the effect is cumulative or additive. So if a Character is taking 
damage from stacked burn conditions, the damage dealt is added together.
