==============================
Engineering Processes 
==============================

    As Engineers practice their craft, they learn certain processes. These are 
listed below. These Processes can be performed either under fire on the 
battlefield or between engagements under more calm circumstances. 

    Processes are divided into two categories; Repair Processes and Build 
Processes. Typically, a Repair Process is any process which heals or buffs a 
teammate. Repair Processes typically accrue resources like Potential and 
Material. Build Processes typically increase an engineer's combat effectiveness 
through the deployment of drones or mounted weapons. Build Processes typically 
expend resources like Potential and Material. 

    Every time an Engineer levels up, they get one new Process from each of the
Build and Repair Process categories. Unlocking a Process requires having 
unlocked the Process below it on the Process Tree. Please see the "Engineer 
Process Tree - Repair.png" for dependencies.

Potential:
    Engineers maintain a swarm of constructor nanites with the relatively rare 
capability of working outside a defined, limited environment. These nanites 
form a distributed artificial intelligence network capable of rapid processing, 
intelligent decision-making, etc. These capabilities are collectively referred to 
as the swarm's Potential. Engineers gain Potential as their nanites become more 
distributed via Repair processes, and spend Potential to execute Build Processes 
at what most factories would consider breakneck speeds. Partly due to size 
constraints and partly as a safeguard against grey goo plagues*, these nanites' 
intelligence matrices are energy based and non-persistent. While in combat an 
Engineer overclocks the Nanites by building potential, but once the situation is 
over the nanites need to cool down to their nominal level of Potential to avoid 
slagging themselves. Maximums in and out of combat are listed in the 
"02_classes.txt" document in Character Creation.

Materials:
    An engineer will often use an extruder or 3D printer in the field to 
construct helpful things like drones or cover in the heat of combat. To do this, 
the Engineer uses a resource called Material. An engineer's extruder has a 
built-in recycler which can be used to salvage usable material from a variety of 
sources. Often, recycling spent, unused or damaged parts is part of the standard 
procedure of a given process. Material accrued on mission persists between 
encounters and over small rests.

Munitions:
    Munitions are used in the engineer's extruder to print more ... active 
components. Due to regulations munitions extrusion material is not retained 
between combat encounters - the design has a fundamental instability that 
causes the generated munitions to break down harmlessly.

Network Motes: 
    Any repair process that an engineer uses on a cybernetic ally (even if that 
process doesn't specify that it can only be used on cybernetic allies) leaves a 
"network mote" on that ally. When calculating roaming range of drones built in 
the build tree, the range of the drone is taken from the nearest network mote or 
the engineer that deployed it.

*Grey goo plague refers to an instance of uncontrolled nanomachine reproduction, 
usually the result of some safeguard breaking down. Such cancerous nanomachines 
would scavenge whatever material they can find to build more of themselves and 
their population would grow exponentially. In theory, a grey goo could wipe out 
an entire planetary biosphere.