==============================
Species in Compound X
==============================

	The solar systems, space stations and nebulae of the Compound X universe are
host a dizzying variety of sentient species. Each with their own societies, 
customs, beliefs, architectures, technologies, languages and fashions. 

	Not all sentient species in Compound X can be played as a Player Character
within the core rules. What's more, all of the playable species have some level
of individuality and some level of self-awareness. The Species that you do pick
to play will give you some cues for your character's backstory as well as some
hints on how to role-play as your character. If this is your first time playing
a Role Playing Game, or if you're not very interested in the role-playing part
of the game, then we encourage you to play as a Human or Terran. They are the
easiest to relate to and tend to be easier to play as. 

===== Choosing a Species =====

	Choosing a species is one of the first steps to making a character. Which
species you are will affect how other species interact with you, and will help
decide your final stats. Your character must have a species and can only have
one species. Will you be an adventersome young human, exploring what become of
the planet that your species came from? Or will you be an fearsome and graceful
Tundari from the jungles of Tundaar? Or perhaps you'll be made of cold metal and
science and will play as a Security Drone constructed within the Compound X 
itself. Only you can decide!

== Traits ==

== Sub-Species ==

==============================
Species Overview
==============================

===== Humans =====

===== Tundari =====

    Tundari are fur-covered bipedal organic mammals. They have whiskers and a 
tail, each of varying lengths. Tundari come from the violently alive planet of
Tundaar. Tundari as a species are fierce, cunning, curious and playful. 

    Tundari can dominate as any class. For example, you could play as the silent
padfooted assassin, whose enemies never knew she was there until it was too 
late. You could be the big teddy bear of a beserker who is quick to trust and 
quicker to tear apart any foe who would put their party in peril. You could be 
the curious combat medic who sometimes gets preocuppied with the science behind 
the sights that the galaxy has to show. 

    Play a Tundari if you want to give yourself a challenge either tactically or 
in roleplay. Tactically, Tundari have slightly more maneuverability and slightly 
less survivability than the other species. In roleplay, it can be very fun to 
play something other than a human, but something that is still a mammal. You 
play a human every day, after all!

===== Security Drone =====
