==============================
Hacker Exploits
==============================

    Hackers use a number of techniques called "Exploits" to cause mischief on
the modern digital battlefield. An Exploit can only be used on a target that has
a matching "Vulnerability" to that Exploit.

===== Disrupt =====

Duration: 1 Action
DC: Listed on target
Range: 20m

    You use your scripts to cause a process in the target to "hang" or to pause
infinitely. Depending on the target, this may cause a communication system to
emit static instead of a teammate's voice or to prevent automated turrets from
firing. 

    Most high-tech items have a Disrupt DC listed on them along with specific
instructions as to what happens to them if they are disrupted. A Character that
is affected by the Disrupt Exploit gains the Disrupted Condition. See the 
"Conditions" document for more information.

===== RAT =====

Duration: 2 Actions
DC: Listed on target
Range: 20m

    You deploy a type of malware called a Remote Access Tool, or RAT for short.
The RAT attempts to "PWN" (pronounced "/p≈çn/", rhymes with throne) its target. 
A pwned target is under the control of the hacker until the malware is removed. 

    Most high-tech items have a PWN DC listed on them, along with instructions
as to what happens when the item is pwned. If not listed, a pwned target is 
under the direct control of the Hacker. The Hacker must use 1 Action to direct
any pwned targets on the Hacker's turn. When the Hacker does this, the target
can make up to 3 Actions on behalf of the Hacker during the Hacker's turn. If
the target is a sentient cybernetic Character, they may make a Will Save opposed
by the Hacker's Hacking(Intelligence) Check to break free of the PWN. A 
Cybernetic Character that has broken a PWN is immune to it for the rest of the
encounter. 
